# shop
Shopping app
<h3> A Supermarket Inventory Management System </h3>
<br>
<p> The aim of this project is to help administrators and attendants of the supermarket to track their current inventory levels and also to know the goods they need at the supermarket. It is also to help attendants serve their customers in a more modernised way and deliver good services.</p>
<br>
<p> I made the assumption that the attendant cannot sign up on his or her own unless the admin adds him or her to the system or gives him access to the system. But aftter the attendant is given acces, he or she can update his or her username and passwordI also made the assumption that there are more than one administrators so other adminstrators can also have access to the system.</p>
<br>
<h3> HOW MY APPLICATION WORKS</h3>
<p> When you open the app, you are given the option to either login as an attendant or as an administrator.So you select one according to your status. When you select administrator, you are taken to a login page where you login with your username and password if you have one or you click on the sign up link right under the login button in order to sign up. Once that is done, you either click on the login button or the sign up button. This will then take you to the hompe page. On the home page, the admin has six different buttons all carrying out different tasks. These buttons are settings, products, product categories, stock. users and sales report. The settings button helps the administrator to edit his profile such as his username and password. The products button takes the administrator to a page where he can add new products, edit existing products and delete existing products as well. The product categoreis button allows the administrator to add new product categories to the already existing ones. The stock button allows the administrator to keep track of all the items they have and their quantity so as to know when to restock. The users button allows the administrator to add new attendants, edit the profile of already existing attendants and also remove attendants. The sales report button allows the administrator to generate sales report for all transactions.</p>
<br>
<p> When you select the attendants button, you are taken to a page where you can start sales by clicking on a start button. After you click on the start button, you will be taken to a home page. The home page has three buttons that the attendant can use. The settings button, allows the attendant to update his or her profile but with permission form the administrator. The daily sales button allows the attendant to start a transaction. The attendant can input all the items a customer buys into table. The attendant can add more items by using the add button, edit already bought items with the edit button or remove them with the remove button. The attendant can also print the recipt for the customer using the print key. There is also the sales report that the customer can use to generate daily sales report. </p>
<p> There is a back buttons on every buttons page whick will take you back to the home pagee after you are done using a particular button. There is also a logout button at the button of both homes screens for the attendant and the administrator where they can click to log out of the system.
